The “Gym Management System" has been developed to override the prob-lems prevailing in the practicing manual system. This software is supported to elim-inate and in some cases  reduce faced by this existing system. Moreover this system is designed for the particular need of the company to carry out operations in a smooth and effective manner. Thus this application provides the required infor-mation in less time and also helps in quicker decision making.
Our Gym Management Software is a gym membership management system. You can keep records of your members, Plans, Payments invoice. It focuses mainly on dealing with the customer regarding their payments, records. An admin can view overall reports of their members under monthly reports and yearly reports. Also, he/she can view total income per month which displays the member’s name with id, gender, contact, payment date, expiry date, plan name, amount, and certain validity respectively. Also, the system displays all the available data such as customer’s de-tails with their respective payment amount, routines, and health status.The project contains an Admin Panel. n an overview of this web app, the admin has access to register customers as well as maintain their payment records. Talking more about the project, the admin can create new plans for the customer’s payment . In terms of health status, he/she has to update each and every customer’s profile with current weight, height, calories, fats, etc. Besides, the admin can also manage exercise rou-tines up to a week’s routine.
The application is reduced as much as possible to avoid errors while entering the data. It also provides error message while entering invalid data. No formal knowledge is needed for the user to use this system. Thus by this all it proves it is user-friendly. Gym Management System, as described above, can lead to error free, secure, reliable and fast management system. It  can assist the user to concentrate on their other activities rather to concentrate on the record keeping. Thus it will help organization in better utilization of resource.
